Update substance designer docs to match addon version 0.1.1 (#351)
ynput/ayon-documentation: website/docs/addon_substancedesigner_admin_settings.md

---
id: addon_substancedesigner_admin_settings
title: Substance Designer Admin Settings
sidebar_label: Settings
description: Substance Designer Addon's Settings - Admins documentation.
toc_max_heading_level: 5
---
import ReactMarkdown from "react-markdown";
import versions from '@site/docs/assets/json/Ayon_addons_version.json'

<ReactMarkdown>
{versions.SubstanceDesigner_Badge}
</ReactMarkdown>

## Color Management (ImageIO)

> Color configuration for Nuke scripts and nodes and also override the global color management settings, check [Host specific overrides](admin_colorspace.md#host-specific-overrides).

Author: ```suggestion
Color configuration for Substance Designer and also override the global color management settings, check [Host specific overrides](admin_colorspace.md#host-specific-overrides).
```
